I charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life.
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the "sales" team, which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous.
Easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops.
I even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, iChat, Photobooth, garage band and more!
Great laptop that offers many great features!
 One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day I turn it on, no GUI, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.
I took it back for an Asus and same thing- blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset.
In the shop, these MacBooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it, get it home, break the seal and use it (very clever con).
However, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).
I love the way the entire suite of software works together.
The speed is incredible and I am more than satisfied.
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great!
I can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly.
-No backlit keyboard, but not an issue for me.
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed.
One suggestion I do have, is to not bother getting Microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a PC.
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it's a snap.
I also got the added bonus of a 30" HD Monitor, which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh!
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely.
After paying several hundred dollars for this service, it is frustrating that you cannot get help after hours.
I did have to replace the battery once, but that was only a couple months ago and it's been working perfect ever since.
I love the operating system and the preloaded software.
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features.
After numerous attempts of trying (including setting the clock in BIOS setup directly), I gave up(I am a techie).
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY.
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand.
I sent it back to Toshiba twice they covered it under the  warranty.
I was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the features that I was looking for.
Also kinda loud when the fan was running.
In desparation, I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired (2 days old) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ("have your credit card ready").
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files.
Drivers updated ok but the BIOS update froze the system up and the computer shut down.
Spent 2 hours on phone with HP Technical Support.
Speaking of the browser, it too has problems.
The keyboard is too slick.
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan.
It's like 9 punds, but if you can look past it, it's GREAT!
It's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open.
Still under warrenty so called Toshiba, no help at all.
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty.
Amazing Quality!
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine.
I mainly use it for email, internet, and managing personal files (pics, vids, etc.).
A month or so ago, the freaking motherboard just died.
The system it comes with does not work properly, so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
If a website ever freezes (which is rare), its really easy to force quit.
It rarely works and when it does it's incredibly slow.
I also enjoy the fact that my MacBook Pro laptop allows me to run Windows 7 on it by using the VMWare program.
It's so much easier to navigate through the operating system, to find files, and it runs a lot faster!
Purchased a Toshiba Lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out.
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused, because they knew it was trouble.
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed.
The reality was, it heated up very quickly, and took way too long to do simple things, like opening my Documents folder.
I had always used PCs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive.
Then, within 5 months, the charger crapped out on me.
And if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high speed.
I love the glass touchpad.
  I continued to take the computer in AGAIN and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again.
I am using the external speaker- sound is good.
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better, but am very happy with the upgrade.
Then HP sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up, not able to connect.
Oh yeah, don't forget the expensive shipping to and from HP.
Everything is so easy to use, Mac software is just so much simpler than Microsoft software.
And if you do a lot of writing, editing is a problem since there is no  forward delete  key.
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
Acer has set me up with FREE recovery discs, when they are available since I asked.
I also purchased Office Max's "Max Assurance" with the "no lemon" clause.
I eventually did the migration from my iMac backup disc which uses USB.
The battery life seems to be very good, and have had no issues with it.
Enabling the battery timer is useless.
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures.
Going to bring it to service today.
There is no need to purchase virus protection for Mac, which saves me a lot of time and money.
But we had paid for bluetooth, and there was none.
So, I paid a visit to LG notebook service center at Alexandra Road, hoping they can make the hinge tighter.
My daughter uses it for games, email, facebook, pictures and music.
It is always reliable, never bugged and responds well.
After about a week I finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard.
It was slow, locked up, and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months!
they had to replace the motherboard in April
Yes, the computer was light weight, less expensive than the average laptop, and was pretty self explantory in use.
Also, if you need to talk to a representive at Microsoft, there is a charge, which I believe is robbery, since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system, which most people would have went with XP if they could.
I love WIndows 7 which is a vast improvment over Vista.
Keyboard is great, very quiet for all the typing that I do.
Dell's customer disservice is an insult to it's customers who pay good money for shoddy products.
It had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use, and would not move past this error.
I can render AVCHD movies with little effort, which was a problem for most pc's unless you had a quad core I7.
After talking it over with the very knowledgeable sales associate, I chose the MacBook Pro over the white MacBook.
If you really want a bang-up system and don't need to run Windows applications, go with an Apple;
You won't have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient virus program that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet.
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that.
2 months later, the battery went.
You may need to special order a bag.
It's color is even cool.
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed.
Yes, a Mac is much more money than the average laptop out there, but there is no comparison in style, speed and just cool factor.
The keyboard feels good and I type just fine on it.
I thought the white Mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing.
And not to mention after using it for a few months or so, the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you can't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying.
BEST BUY - 5 STARS + + + (sales, service, respect for old men who aren't familiar with the technology) DELL COMPUTERS - 3 stars DELL SUPPORT - owes a me a couple
no complaints with their desktop, and maybe because it just sits on your desktop, and you don't carry it around, which could jar the hard drive, or the motherboard.
Yes, they cost more, but they more than make up for it in speed, construction quality, and longevity.
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm, I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard (no keys sticking or lagging, strange configuration of "extra key", etc.
) I also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store.
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops, but the ease of use, security, and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag.
  It gets stuck all of the time you use it, and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work.
lots of preloaded software.
I wish it had a webcam though, then it would be perfect!
My favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen.
Another thing I might add is the battery life is excellent.
One drawback, I wish the keys were backlit.
Acer was no help and Garmin could not determine the problem(after spending about 2 hours with me), so I returned it and purchased a Toshiba R700 that seems even nicer and I was able to load all of my software with no problem.
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month.
I play a lot of casual games online, and the touchpad is very responsive.
Granted, it's still a very new laptop but in comparison to my previous laptops and desktops, my Mac boots up noticeably quicker.
It caught a virus that completely wiped out my hard drive in a matter of hours.
It is everything I'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint, but somehow a bit more sturdy.
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it.
The Bluetooth was not there at all, and the fingerprint reader driver would be there, but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done.
Great battery, speed, display.
The delivery was fast, and I would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again.
I've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory.
It's applications are terrific, including the replacements for Microsoft office.
they improved nothing else such as Resolution, appearance, cooling system, graphics card, etc.
I got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime I touched the lid, (mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed) but I suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out.
Is this partially due to the fact that it is running Windows Vista?
  The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues.
My dad has one of the very first Toshibas ever made, yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet!
Mostly I love the drag and drop feature.
oh yeah, and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed?
I ordered through MacMall, which saved me the sales tax I would have incurred buying locally.
Of course, I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork, GarageBand, and iMovie.
The screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution.
After a little more than a year of owning my MacBook Pro, the monitor has completely died.
The brand of iTunes has just become ingrained in our lexicon now, but keep in mind that Apple started it all.
Size: I know 13 is small (especially for a desktop replacement) but with an external monitor, who cares.
Additional caveat: the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user's liking.
  Taking it back to Best Buy I found that a tiny plastic piece inside had broken (manuf issue).
It has no camera but, I can always buy and install one easy.
The display is incredibly bright, much brighter than my PowerBook and very crisp.
The AMD Turin processor seems to always perform so much better than Intel.
  After that the said it was under warranty.
The start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking.
Only thing I would want to add to this is an internal bluray read/write drive.
The service tech said he had tried to duplicate the damage and wasn't able to recreate it therefore it had to be their defect.
The tech store I purchased this from sent it back,,,,,eventually I got a new or repaired machine approximately 3 weeks later.
Really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints.
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice;
But the machine is awesome and iLife is great and I love Snow Leopard X.
High price tag, however.
I thought learning the Mac OS would be hard, but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a PC.
I had static in the output, and I had to reduce the sound output quality to "FM" as opposed to the default "CD.
I custom ordered the machine from HP and could NOT understand the techie due to his accent.
It is easy to use and lightweight.
I went to Toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it.
They also have a longer service life than other computers (I have several friends who still use the older Apple PowerBooks).
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor.
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look.
I especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys.
Small screen somewhat limiting but great for travel.
Runs Hot  I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product.
For the not so good, I got the stock screen - which is VERY glossy.
The gray color was a good choice.
I would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front.
The processor a AMD Semprom at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for HD or heavy computing.
I bought a protector for my key pad and it works great :)
The magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great (I even put it to the test by accident)- excellent innovation!
It seems they could have updated XP and done without creating Vista.
  It is easy to use, fast and has great graphics for the money.
I like how the Mac OS is so simple and easy to use.
While Apple's saving grace is the fact that they at least stand behind their products, and their support is great, it would be nice if their products were more reliable to justify the premium.
I was ready to take it back for a refund, but the Geek Squad camed through and pointed me in the right direction to get it fixed.
only good thing is the graphics quality.
The other lock-up problems are from a myriad of causes, the most common being a corrupted version of Appleworks which can render the browser useless.
The paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual.
I had purchased it from a major electronics store and took it to their service department to find out what the problem was.
The store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they don't even recommend the HP brand because of the problems with their warrentys.
I always use a backup hard disk to store important files at all times.
They sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer, they paid postage and whatnot, but when I got my computer back it still wasn't running right, and now my CD drive wasn't reading anything!
But the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing.
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds.
On my PowerBook G4 I would never use the trackpad I would use an external mouse because I didn't like the trackpad.
This computer doesn't do that well with certain games it can't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games.
Obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the "human interface.
Yeah, of course smarty pants "fix it now")Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple (which I promptly did).
The body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up.
The i5 blows my desktop out of the water when it comes to rendering videos.
With a mac you don't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall, it's so wonderful.
Am very glad I bought it, great netbook, low price.
The Apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you :)
I think part of the problem with this computer is Vista, yet I know Vista isn't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my Acer and it also has Vista (I should have waited the few months to get the next operating system).
The video chat is the only thing that is iffy about it but im sure once they unpdate the next version on the macbook book the quality of it will be better.
That whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable mouse which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $175 and it was fixed.
Fan vents to the side, so no cooling pad needed, great feature!
i use my mac all the time, i love the software, the way it takes a short time to load things, how easy it is to use and most of all how you don't have to worry about viruses.
Wasted me at least 8 hours of installation time.
It has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.
A great feature is the spotlight search: one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword, rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document.
My wireless system would not recognize Windows 7 and I couldn't get online to find out why.
I am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great!
Suffice it to say, my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed.
The OS is also very user friendly, even for those that switch from a PC, with a little practice you can take full advantage of this OS!
iTunes is a handy music-management program, and it is essential for anyone with an iPod.
Mac is not made for gaming.
Well I spilled something on it and they replaced it with this model, which gets hot and the battery doesn't make it through 1 DVD.
I've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful, english speaking (from Vancouver) techs that walked me through the processes to help me.
But Sony said we could send it back and be charged for adding the bluetooth an additional seventy something dollars.
I need graphic power to run my Adobe Creative apps efficiently.
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm.
The materials that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere.
It does not even have the software to play a dvd now.
Tech support tells me the latter problem is a power supply problem and have offered to fix it if it happens again.
HOW DOES THE POWER SUPPLY NOT WORK!!!
Sells for the same as a netbook without sacrificing size.
  upon giving them the serial number the first thing I was told, was that it was out of warranty and I could pay to have it repaired.
Windows XP SP2 caused many problems on the computer, so I had to remove it.
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate, and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader (software) would not load.
None of the techs at HP knew what they were doing.
this is my second one and the same problem, bad video card  unreliable overall, this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy.
With awesome graphics and assuring security, it's perfect!
Laptop was in new condition and operational, but for the audio problem when 1st sent for repair.
I was disappointed when I realized that the keyboard doesn't light up on this model.
It runs perfectly.
The laptop was very easy to set up.
  Sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer.
I recommend for word processing and internet users.
Since I've had this computer I've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth.
A longer battery life would have been great - but it meets it's spec quite easily.
Who couldn't love a DVD burner, 80-gigabyte HD, and fairly new graphics chip? As I soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more: they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports.
The salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it.
That system is fixed.
The computer itself was fast, ran smoothly, and had no problems.
Like the price and operation.
The brand is tarnished in my heart.
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components, and I'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator, but I still expected better product quality for this price range.
I 'have had it for about a 1 1/2 and yes I have had an issue with it one month out of warranty.
Once open, the leading edge is razor sharp.
Loaded with bloatware.
Maximum sound isn't nearly as loud as it should be.
I loaded windows 7 via Bootcamp and it works flawlessly!
Great Laptop for the price, works well with action pack games.
Although the price is higher then Dell laptops, the Macbooks are worth the dough.
I would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a Desktop it does not meet the expectations.
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.
So what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool? The after sales support is terrible.
I hate the display screen and I have done everything I could do the change it.
I also like the acer arcade but these were reallythe only two things I liked about this laptop.
Have not yet needed any customer support with this yet so to me that is a great thing, which is leaps and bounds ahead of PC in my opinion.
I gave it to my daughter because I just hated the screen, hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd's when I wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork.
It runs very quiet too which is a plus.
but it  has a major design flaw.
It was heavy,bulky, and hard to carry because of the size.
The games included are very good games.
this computer will last you at least 7 years, thats an amazing life spanned an electronic.
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty.
Sometimes you really have to tap the pad to get it to worki
It's super fast and a great value for the price!
Three, the mac book has advantages over pcs' with linux based os there is very 'few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac.
A mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense.
however, I may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton.
It is so much easier to use
There is no need to open a program first and the cliick open or import.
It is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on PC's.
Three weeks after I bought the netbook, the screen quit working.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV.
The Apple will run Internet Explorer, but at an amazingly slow rate.
With today's company fighting over marketshare, its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone.
The price premium is a little much, but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash.
I can't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket.
Microsoft word was not on it andI had to buy it seperately.
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for Time Machine.
My Toshiba did not have sound on everything, just certain things.
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite, I like the extra features, I love the windows 7 home premium.
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid (I have tried both Motorola and HTC) plugged into the USB port.
The battery life was shorter than expected.
It fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and I have never had any issues with it freezing.
The keyboard is top notch.
It drives me crazy when I want to download a game or something of that nature and I can't play it because its not compatable with the software.
The online tutorial videos make it super easy to learn if you have always used a PC.
The image is great, and the soud is excelent.
With a MAC computer I have more free time as I don't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows.
It was very easy to just pick up and use-- It did not take long to get used to the Mac OS.
It is well worth the money it cost, Very good investment.
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter, thru Windows 7 Home Premium, to Windows 7 Professional was a snap;
This computer had exactly the specifications I needed.
My kids (and dogs) destroyed two power cords by pulling on them.
I had upgraded my old MacBook to Lion, so I kind of knew what I was getting, but hadn't been able to enjoy some of the awesome new multi-touch features.
The screen is a little glary, and I hated the clicking buttons, but I got used to them.
Not to mention, the battery life is absolutely amazing.
Windows also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning.
not using wired lan not sure what thats about.
The macbook rarely requires a hard reboot.
Now for the hardware problems.
Anyways I bought this two months ago and when I first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporaly in save zone.
It's fast and has excellent battery life.
Apple care included.
Features like the font are very block-like and old school.
It is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user, that makes it run way to slow.
I feel that it was poorly put together, because once in a while different plastic pieces would come off of it.
Finally, I should note that I took the 2GB RAM stick from my old EeePC and installed it before I even powered on for the first time.
Windows is also rather unsteady on its feet and is susceptible to many bugs.
After sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish, I broke down and spent another $100 to get Microsoft Word for Mac.
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE.
then on top of it all their cusromer service center is in the middle east.
The only bad part is the size/weight.
The little battery that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop.
I liked the aluminum body.
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies.
From the build quality to the performance, everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple.
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program, and the program will simply open that file.
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were.
It was truly a great computer costing less than one thousand bucks before tax.
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it, great value for the price.
Now,,,,,my monitor has been acting up for about 2 months.
Also, the extended warranty was a problem.
Boots up fast and runs great!
Lightweight and the screen is beautiful!
I needed a driver for my HP and they would not help me with out me paying over $50 for it.
Call tech support, standard email the form and fax it back in to us.
They sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still didn't work.
 A coupla months later, they change my hard drive.
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.
They say sorry out of warranty.
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio.
PC never worked right even after BIOS fixed.
After having two PC laptops die with in the past 3 years, I was led to the Apple display at Best Buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues.
The size is perfect and I do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you.
The service I received from Toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty.
Have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed, etc.
I would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
The screen shows great colors.
Reason why? It's because when you buy it, you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop, the price will stay the same for the next year, and even if Apple does decides to change mode, your laptop value will only drop 10-20%, unlike PC laptops which drop more than 80%.
I have no idea how to burn cd's or to use the web cam, just for starters.
The 17 inch screen is very large, but the computer is very light.
  My opinion of Sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market, given their horrible support, but this machine just caused another plunge.
For the Bluetooth to work properly, you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD, or it will not show after the reload.
I also liked the glass screen.
The switchable graphic card is pretty sweet when you want gaming on the laptop.
It's not a wear-and-tear issue, not due to user carelessness and most importantly, they CAN'T guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for service and I have to accept the outcome.
The battery life has not decreased since I bought it, so i'm thrilled with that.
When I called Toshiba, they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $35 for the phone call, even though they didn't offer any technical support.
I bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months If it is overload with updates the BOOT MGR.
Oh and if thats not bad enough it doesn't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $25 for two cds.
The price and features more than met my needs.
Skype is just so dang cool with this machine too.
the mouse buttons are hard to push.
Also, HDD secures inside using rails, and there is only one set on the main hard drive.
All I will say now is that it was over two grand less expensive and so much better quality than my hunk of crap Vaio.
(Beware, their staff could send you back making you feel that only they know what a computer is.
Games being the main issue.
My sister has the same Mac as me and she is in a band and uses GarageBand to record and edit.
They say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive (I don't really understand why but anyway).
and looks very sexyy:D  really the mac book pro is the best laptop specially for students in college if you are not caring about price.
A great computer for light home use and business use.
Even with virus protection, it always turned off when updates were needed and installed.
Also consider the MS Office apps are all trial versions, hope you have your own copies.
Even so, I like playing online games, so it was wonderful that there is a feature where I can dualboot Windows.
The battery life is amazingly long at 7hrs and 5hrs if you use it.
lightweight, long battery life, excellent transition from PC;
The price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop.
The Nortons virus scan is only for a very short time unlike others that usually are good for a year.
It is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame.
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers.
Came fully loaded - good.
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
When we bought our new HP comouter in Dec. of 2008, we wanted Windows XP, but were told it would cost an extra $159, so we went with Vista.
The only thing that I have, is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters, would help if it was a little lighter then it is.
I'm still within the one year warranty but the repair "depot"  has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not  covered.
  But I needed a laptop for school use.
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design.
I would like at least a 4 hr. battery life.
The only thing that I don't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that I want to be able to run and I am not able to.
Wireless has not been a issue for me, like some others have meantioned.
MacBook Notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life, as well as the many background programs that run without the user's knowlede.
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler, quicker, and easier.
I guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer.
Theres a built in camera with special effects- for video and photography.
All for such a great price.
  Long story short, since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.
Another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $175 to send it in to fix it.
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space.
Clear picture on it and everything.
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty, and that products with  extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore.
Very long-life battery (up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings).
Screen is awesome, battery life is good.
The black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks I've seen.
The technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother.
The graphics were awful and the warranty isn't even worth the cheap payment on the computer.
They gave me a hard time yet again, but their was a malfunction in the battery itself, it didn't die.
If you don't feel comfortable doing it yourself, just buy the case and be happy, plus it looks nice, I bought the white one from Best Buy.
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price, but you cannot find the look, easy, applications, and the experience in mac.
Excellent speed for processing data.
When you call tech support you were routed to someone who was in another country and did not know what they were doing.
It has come into good use for my finances, scheduling, my parents business expenses, and it is definitely amazing for gaming.
I was taught to use Photoshop and was amazed.
Somehow the system clock got messed up after reboot.
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb RAM, the computer was kinda slow.
With the macbook pro it comes with freesecuritysoftware to protect it from viruses and other intrusive things from downloads and internet surfing or emails.
The driver updates don't fix the issue, very frustrating.
I will never go back to Windows!
It doesnt work worth a damn.
It works really well.
Bigger HD, better graphics card, and a bid HD.
The built in camera is very useful when chatting with other techs in remote buildings on our campus.
Mine came at $1,700 w/o a DVD burner (!).
The DVD burner broke after burning 3 DVD'd during that time!
It works fine with our wireless and they've had not problems.
But you must get the 15 inch.
Product support very poor as each phone call costs me long distan
Overall the computer is very easy to use, the screen is perfect, great computer, my daughter loves.
  The casing of the power cord fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket.
It does not keep internet signals no matter where you bring it.
It's a great product for a great price!
Again, the same problem, the right speaker did not work.
But see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates.
and the multiple page viewer ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online.
This was the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped.
Keyboard good sized and wasy to use.
HP said it was out of warranty.
I never had this kind of quality issue with Dell (not to say Dell is that great), not with a brand new laptop.
wonderful features.
I had to call HP and ask for a recovery disk because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all.
Im glad that it has such great features in it.
I like those programs better than Office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the Office programs as well.
Great wifi too.
WHEN TYPING, LETTERS AND SPACES ARE FREQUENTLY OMITTED REQUIRING THE USER TO REDO MANY WORDS AND SENTENCES.
  Only a few days after I received the computer back, the screen froze again.
It is not ideal for children because of the temp.
Although i do believe that Windows operating system may be to fault for some of the problems.
Great OS, fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port.
  The lcd screen stopped working on mine after 10 months.
Images are crisp and clean.
although its windows vista compared to windows xp sucks.
  We have had numerous problems with Vista, such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch.
One more tip, please purchase this model and get a 4GB stick of RAM to save you $10
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard!
I always have used a tower home PC and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance.
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again.
  Until I bought the Dell, I thought you just looked for what you wanted (size, software, options, hardware) and purchase the best deal you could find.
It has plenty of memory, lots of hard drive, and great graphics.
It didn't take me long to get switched over to the Mac computer programs and navigation - it's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better.
However, my girlfriend realized that the netbook's hinge is a bit loose (when you open or close the LCD).
My problem was with DELL Customer Service.
Newegg's RMA service was great as always, I contacted them late Friday night, and they issued me an RMA number and a PrePaid UPS shipping label the very next morning on Saturday.
Design: very durable.
It is easy to go from one keyboard to another.
Has a 5-6 hour battery life.
My ONLY issues are: 1) the screen/video resolution won't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
  I was told by many  that it was a great computer, but we got one of these, and it worked  great for one year, and as soon as the warrenty was up, then it got  really bad.
Ive had to call tech support many times.
The Apple applications (ex.iPhoto) are fun, easy, and really cool to use (unlike the competition)!
Not to mention it has shit gigs.
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen, as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners.
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing, uploading photos, watching movies (720p) on occasion and creating presentations.
Quality Display  I love HP,, it's the only computer/printer we will buy.
Despite the inconvenient weight, I opted for the 12 cell battery.
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum.
     First it burned or fused the power adapter plug.
the features are great, the only thing it needs is better speakers.
It was still working, but there was nothing on the screen.
I bought this laptop and found its TAB is not functioning.
  Toshiba is aware of the issue but unless the extended warrenty is bought Toshiba will do nothing about it.
-Called headquarters again, they report that TFT panel is broken, should be fixed by the end of the week (week 3).
Navigation through the computer is far superior compared to Windows operating systems, as well.
The screen is framed by half- to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary, reduces the screen size and increases the bulk.
Though the picture, video, and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software Im used to (CS5) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers.
The much lauded combined touch pad and clicker is a nightmare.
The Unibody construction is solid, sleek and beautiful.
This MacBook is an outstanding product with great value.
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges.
A SECOND PROBLEM INVOLVES THE BATTERY WHICH IS ADVERTISED AS HAVING A STORAGE LIFE OF 11 HOURS BUT WHEN FULLY CHARGED SHOWS ONLY 7 HOURS OF SERVICE.
and plenty of storage with 250 gb(though I will upgrade this and the ram..)
No temporary replacement, they are out of replacements because "many computers had problems with the Nvidia chipset"-Inquired status of repair.
I took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and I finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty.
Programs would crash all the time, and it turned out to be a very unstable, unreliable laptop for me.
I BOUGHT THIS LAP TOP AND THE CHARGE TIME DOSEN'T LAST AS LONG AS THEY SAY IT WILL MORE LIKE 2 HOURS
Also, because of the size and consistancy of the laptop computer, some websites wouldn't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems.
the key bindings take a little getting used to, but have loved the Macbook Pro.
Keyboard is reasonable size.
I find myself using the 10-key more than I thought I would.
Fan noise: The fan made a constant hissing noise in the background.
The screen is bright and clear, the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice.
It has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive.
The feature are good enough for what I need.
Finally, the biggest problem has been tech support.
" This isn't a big deal, I haven't noticed the issue with DVDs or other media, only through USB output.
With Windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must.
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
But if you're willing to pay another 200 dollar for a windows disc.
Very good quality and well made.
I bought a Logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the MBP, but I use the touchpad 90% of the time.
my niece and nephew have played a few web games and it runs anything that doesn't require a dedicated video card.
It had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one.
Typically, when I purchase a new laptop I always end up using an external mouse for convenience.
It was super easy to set up and Is really easy to get used to.
The only thing that can be updated is the video, other than that you're all set.
Its a good laptop for its value.
Then the hard drive failed;
Plain and simple, it(laptop) runs great and loads fast.
of course my warranty runs out next month.
The capabilities using that program alone made me want a Mac.
(If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it shouldn't, check the "Activity Monitor" app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero.
I have found also, it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access;
This is a great value for the money.
It was a great laptop, ran great and was really fast.
The battery has never worked well.
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company.
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions!
Small enough to use on a long flight, Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips.
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on.
It has many great programs, such as ILife, iPhotos and others.
The processor went on me, the fan went and the motherboard went.
It is very well built.
I highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door.
The screen resolution was exactly what I was looking for.
Even though it is running Snow Leopard, 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel.
There is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer.
After 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switched off.
If upgrade is possible to the full Windows 7, then I will truly be a very happy geek.
I was originally concerned that I couldn't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting, but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs.
It is a big big, but since it has a 18.4" screen what would you expect!
10 hours of battery life is really something else....
Runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better.
All the programs are easy and straight forward on my MacBook Pro, it is clean and organized, which I always strive to be myself.
I reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again.
Windows 7 Starter is terrific (no you can't change the background) but I don't need to, I use it just for school work.
Support has been lackluster and now I just want a refund.
First of all, they had no record of me having the 3 year warranty I'd paid almost $400 for, and I had to call in, spend hours on their online chat service, and fax in multiple documents.
">  iPhoto is probably the best program I have ever worked with: easy and convenient.
I love to write and play with graphics and html programming and my new Toshiba works great on both!
My laptop now has no battery.
Beta had better quality, but VHS became the industry standard.
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate.
:-)If you buy this - don't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life, and you'll be perfectly satisfied.
Needs longer lasting battery, More than 1 to 2 Hrs.
in May I started having problems with the USB ports not working.
10 plus hours of battery...
The design is awesome, quality is unprecedented.
The Mac version of Microsoft Office is cheaper than buying the actual and works just as well.
The Mac takes about the same amount of starting-up time as the average PC, but keeps itself cleaned up and ready to use.
The Toshiba Net book operates very well.
the touch pad is fine - again, it's a real touch pad.
The pictures are clear as can be.
It is also very lightweight, making transporting this computer very easy.
It's wonderful for computer gaming.
You have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability.
AND the best part is that it even comes with a free printer (when they have a certain promotion/offer going, of course)!
it is very easy for anyone to use an apple and specially the mcbook pro notebook.
The flaws are, this computer is not for computer gamers because of the OS X.
They really do have the worlds very worst repair service.
They need to stop outsoucing and send some complaint calls to US based customer service agents for those who live in the United states.
  I was also able to install and use my Photoshop and AfterEffects programs easily.
It's perfect for everything and runs faster than an average pc!
 Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty.
I'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown.
And having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare.
  I will definitely be getting a new laptop if it has any more issues after the warranty expires and researching carefully when I do so I don't run accross a situation like this again!
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer.
I've owned this labtop for less then two months, already the mouse button has broke.
It did fairly well, other than it's poor performance, overheating and occational blue screen.
The touchpad is very intuitive, so much so that I never want to use buttons to click again!
tons of bloatware and junk programs.
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small.
It's so bad that I'm thinking I only got half a battery or something.
Good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications.
My battery went bad about a year and a half after having it and it cost around eighty to a hundred dollars!
It pretty much does everything we could ever need, and looks great to boot.
As a lifelong Windows user, I was extremely pleased to make the change to Mac.
The Macbook is also made better, my computer has never got a virus, and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day I bought it.
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.
I picked it out because it was inexpensive ($400) and I thought it would be a good, easy to use first laptop.
MY ONLY PROBLEM IS I CAN NOT REG. THE PRODUCT KEY.
Pay attention to the specs if you want these options.
It also does not have bluetooth.
Sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer.
great battery life.
The real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it's speed.
At first, the computer seemed a great deal--seemingly high-end specs for a low, low price.
Delivery was early too.
Love the stability of the Mac software and operating system.
And that probably explains why I've already had my SATA controller go bad within a year of buying it.
It's also very capable of doing moderate video editing (although you may need the performance boost of the larger MacBook Pros for heavy duty mobile video editing).
My main reason to convert was the imovie program.
It has a faster processor and more ram.
Laptops are usually used on the go, so why not give you a better battery?
I will never complain about the price since I believe you get what you pay for and my MacBook Pro was worth every dollar.
I wasn't a big fan of the Netbooks but this one was very well designed.
And the warranty on this macbook pro can last up to 5 years or 1000 battery recharge cycles.
I still have that stupid bluetooth mouse to!
Would like more trendy, high tech features.
Keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable.
Screen is a bit glossy, but that's not too bad.
I got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced, so I was now on the SECOND motherboard within 3 months.
Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance (2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz).
They say it could be the motherboard again, but Dell
2nd Best computer in the world  only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches  to make less easier for people to hack into
Love the speed, especially!
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3.
Not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved, worked on and opened on both a PC and Mac, the versions of these programs on a Mac are graphically and functionally superior.
The speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly, and multiple at a time if you sowish.
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college.
 A MONTH LATER, we reinstall the OS (Vista).
Some problems can be fixed if you purchase new software, but there is no guarentee.
My real problem with it? The statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it's a lie.
The battery life is also relatively good.
  I definitely suggest getting an extended warranty, you will probably need it!
I have found it very easy to use, very imformative, wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs.
I don't have stupid pop up windows (even when I have pop ups blocked), I don't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download, and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down.
Memory is upgradable.
Web access through the 3G network is so slow, it's very frustrating and VERY DISAPPOINTING.
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite.
Moral of the story:-Do not buy anything from companies that do not respect their customers.
This is my first Dell I heard their customer service was lacking and that they were working on improving it!
As well as having the plug in the computer come loose.
Second HDD cover has walls inside that need to be broken if you what to install one.
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications.
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design.
I love the keyboard.
I use iphoto all the time, which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike.
The screen isn't huge, but that doesn't matter when I output media to the 50 inch LCD TV.
I will have to purchase Spy ware or Nortell for privacy protection.
I was said it's videocard.
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations.
If your time is worth anything to you, if you are tired of rebooting, reformatting, reinstalling, trying to find drivers, if you want a computer to work for you for a change, make the change to this computer.
The only thing I wish is the 15 inch MacBook Pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard.
  Now, as easy as it is to use, and I do think it is a great STARTER laptop.
Setting would change for some reason, the screen size would change on it's own, like the pixel sizes and whatnot.
It had some kind of pre installed software update that completely shut the computer down when you clicked it.
Ever since I bought this laptop, so far I've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines.
Also, the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it.
iPhotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos.
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more.
Called tech support and got the usual Acer "We don't support software but for $$$ we can help you" I explained there was no software involved in booting.
The programs are great, like iphoto (love the editing capabilities), imail (which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad), imovie, etc.
The only thing I didn't learn in my research was the software I would need like privacy protection and warranty protection, in case it gets broken, or crashes etc.
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport.
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks.
I thought the price was great for the specs.
the only down fall is that it has no cd drive but i found that they are very cheap to by and also very portable making this the best friend to someone who is always looking for more space then they have.
So, the hard disk capacity really doesn't matter to me.
Keys stick periodically and I havent had the laptop for 45 days yet.
I also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the trackpad.
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point.
I'v spent as much for shipping as I would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand.
I personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers.
This just keeps having it's hard drive replaced!
When you look at the specs on Apple products in comparison to a Dell or a HP, yes they do seem to offer less for a higher cost.
The only downfall is the volume control.
Very fast boot up and shut down.
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it.
If internet connectivity is important I would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more, or buy a USB wireless card.
I had read online that some users were having sound problems.
My last computer, a Toshiba, cost only $400, and worked like a charm for many years.
It discharges too quickly.
But to be honest, the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think I ll buy a PC next time.
Then it ceased charging at all.
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it, however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however, due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink.
*=Webcam is a bit laggy, not the greatest.
I am not much of a computer techie, so I can understand some of the internal problems, though I do have trend micro as an antiviral program.
The computer continued to give me issues and in Late June it completely died again and I tried to call Acer again to get it fixed and they refused to help me, they said my warrenty was up and hung up on me.
I've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.
Wonderful sleek case design is only on the outside.
It is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the connection is weak or not.
The pricing is very competitive.
Connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all.
This computer is exceptionally thin for it's screen size and processing power.
I have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing.
Maybe this is virus related, maybe not, but the computer has locked up many times, and on two occasions, the screen has simply gone black.
This wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought.
It's graphics aren't bad at all, for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum, easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics.
I have Vista, so I am unable to install and uninstall  some programs.
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use, very important for use quick typers.
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too.
For those that care about noise this thing doesn't really make any;
I had my IWORKS, Itunes, Email, MS Office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.
The macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and performance.
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have won't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it.
Whenever tried to turn it on, it would restart as soon as the BIOS launched Windows (or Winblows, as I like ot call it).
BUT there's this application called Boot Camp which allows you to add another OS X like Windows.
The mousepad is a huge pain in the arse!
I hope to edit this in the next few hours, I am going to try to install my own copy of Windows 7.
) I also purchased  Applecare  for $300, which is a three year extended warranty, since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two.
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.
Whenever I call Dell about an unrelated problem, they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if I'd like to purchase more memory for $75.
  since then i have had minor problems with slow operation.
Registration/1st use is easy.
Take your time and go through the tutorials patiently.
  This time the mouse pad and right click key wouldn't work!
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours.
I bought a cordless mouse for it, but don't always take it out;
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well, but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing.
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem.
They only stay charged a little over an hour.
The 4 USB ports are nice, but the two on the side only work now and then.
  I could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat.
Keyboard could use some trimming.
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes.
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage (keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in), buttons not working and USB ports inoperative.
When I am next to my router on my HP I get full service, on my Eee PC I get 3 bars.
I got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my warranty would transfer to the new computer.
The letter A stopped working after the first week.
This is what I call a good after sales service.
I took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk software on it.
With what I do know how to do, the computer works beautiful.
Tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk.
Most everything is fine with this machine: speed, capacity, build.
For the same price, you get a lot more in the Asus....1920x1080 res.
I made a photo book as a gift, on my computer, pushed "Buy" and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house, the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined.
I use this for my tutoring business, and since I'm always bouncing from student to student, it is ideal for portability and battery life (yes, it gets the 8 hours as advertised!).
It is in the best condition and has a really high quality.
When it come time for warranty service to Toshiba you don't matter.
  However the frozen screens kept happening.
It is short on space, and downloads always had problems being completed, or were said to be 'corrupted'.
3) Horrible customer support
The LED backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more.
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things, they always come up with good looking products.
Runs smooth and quick.
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook: screen size is not something I'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week.
The graphics are great.
in 5 months the connect quality got worse and worse.
The big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc!
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
For the [$] price (special offer) this is a great laptop.
the manufacturer's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts.
What I'd like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional memory.
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box.
It is fast booting up , shutting down, and connection with the internet.
The battery life is great.
This is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine;
  They replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board.
There is nothing to complain about the system.
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy.
Now the screen is going darker, darker, darker.
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED (THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED.
Features such as the Dashboard (allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator, weather forecast, movie times, calendar, computer post its etc.
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase.
  I sent it back and found this time that the battery was faulty, so I got a new one and some other fixes they found.
Great pick for portability and affordability.
It's fast, it's easy easy easy to set up, easy to hook to my wireless network.
I previously purchased a 13" macbook (had pro specs and was aluminum style) which had a nvidia 9800 (If I am not mistaken) and it had major heating issues.
The people there just changed for me on the spot and I got a new arm piece and they didn't even request for a receipt.
I take it everywhere with me because it's so easy to carry.
The only thing is that the battery won't last more than 1/2 an hour.
The first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty.
Oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all I use the old word processer which works good.
The keyboard has a wonderful nature feel.
They went through asking me open up various components, taking battery out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it.
The battery doesn't last long but I'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem.
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, I took it for granted that these features were standard.
I have no idea how this could have even gotten past quality control during production.
I bought this last week, and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch-mouse stopped responding.
Oh yea, has no numeric pad on the side.
The cover for the DVD drive soon came off, too--a mark of poor construction quality.
But the arm velcro is torn after one use.
The software is amazing.
We carry the netbook around here and there, hence it's kinda of irritating when the LCD just "slide" downwards.
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty, able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown.
The battery life is amazing, the versitility is outstanding.
It is known as Safari, and if you are doing any website work, you should know that many hosting companies do not support it.
Vista is a nightmare.
The program came with the computer and works beautifully.
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer, left right and front.
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light, but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me (even after installing new browsers) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it.
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it!
Charger seems large for this class of computer.
I dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers.
The screen graphics and clarity, and sharpness are great.
So I called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, I just chose to hide the message.
The unibody design is edgy and durable.
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up.
But, for the cost this is a winner.
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months.
  Also, the battery does not last very long at all.
I bought it from HSN because it was "bundled" with extra software, but as it turns out, that software just crashes it more often.....
I looked around and based off my price/features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here.
  I constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed.
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.
Unless you need the Bluetooth 3.
I was sorly disapointed to discover that HP (what I thought was a reputable company) wouldn't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart.
More times that not the screen pops up saying I have a bad internet connection, or the page can't be displayed.
Do yourself a favor and invest in a few external harddrives if you are planning on purchasing this laptop.
I don't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included.
While most people say that PCs hold functionality and value and Macs are just pretty to look at, I think there's something to be said about the simplicity of Macs.
My macbook is so much better looking and so thin!
The ease of use is wonderful.
This system came loaded with Windows 7 Starter.
-When battery life went to 4 hours or less, took it to the MacHouse Amsterdam for repair (26th of August).
The battery gets so HOT it is scary.
Best thing is I can use existing 32 bit old programs.
It's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with.
I am forever changed and will no longer buy a Windows based machine for personal use.
The only thing I would change about it is the mouse keys.
It is absolutely horrible to use, despite all its so called advanced features.
Before, I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from Acer's site.
I have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute.
It's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than I could ever expect from a notebook.
After that I turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid.
He loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started.
u can do what u want in just few seconds, even to start up your computer takes few seconds.
Also, macbooks come with much more features which are so cool!
They sent out a Sony 'Certified' technician.
They have developed excellent proprietary software for editing video and pictures and I'm looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular.
Getting the Apple Care plan is a must.
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive.
I am constantly trying to uninstall programs, clean cookies, and delete unused files.
The dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.
The only downfall is the battery only last 1.5-2.0 hrs when not plugged in.
The graphics on this computer are also stellar - very clear and vivid.
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.
As a die-hard Windows enthusiast, I shunned the idea of a Mac until this point.
I think that if it is the motherboard again so soon that they should replace it.
The computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my PC did, and I have all of the programs that were on my PC.
Graphics are clean and sharp, internet interfaces are seamless.
The newer black keyboard took a little bit away from the previous gray one which looked really slick, but it is still a great notebook!
Sony parts reliability and quality of service is recenlty the worst.
As with any laptop not purchased with software options, it comes with a lot of what I consider useless applications.
Its Office compatible, but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs.
It just works flawlessly!
Do you think I purposely "destroy" my netbook, so that I can demand a new set? Do you think it's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution? Or rather NO solution.
I'm having the laptop returned unrepaired since paying $176 every 3  months just isn't worth it (that's about how long the port seems to  last).
  also the battery is completely shot.
/ awesome cooling system/ much better grafics card (ATI 5870) / 8GB RAM/ LED backlit screen...
The biggest problem is that the box had no instructions in it.
But after using it a couple of weeks, the overall operation is poor.
Compared to similarly spec'd PCs, this machine is good value, well built and works easily right out of the box.
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive.
I will stack it up against laptops that cost twice as much any day.
Or the cursor would show up some place else.
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops.
it might be something deep within Windows, for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive.
The track pad to me is what really stands out though, you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad, awesome thinking Apple!
  Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one, so back it went to get the correct drive.
First, you ll discover that the word processing program known as  Appleworks  rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer, if it translates at all.
I already have a HP laptop I bought last year that's standard size.
Battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery.
apple has a reputation and is well known for its easy usage.
Returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed (except for speaker grill) but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
Love the graphics, awesome programs (including Garageband), and really cool default background.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
The OS takes some getting used to especially after being a Windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it!
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
Overall, I experienced a huge change in that my mac runs pretty fast compared to my old PC.
When I got the computer back and realizwed it still was not correct HP told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem.
It also came with a built it web cam which is great because I can see an communicate with my family members back home.
Good monitor and performed well.
It was secure and easy to navigate.
I was a little weary at purchasing another 13" macbook almost 2 years later but t looks like the newer macbooks have gotten its current line of graphics cards in order this time around.
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV.
They are by far the easiest systems to actually learn about computers with.
this apple navigates you thru the unexplored world of the internet.
The video card is great for media, and above average for gaming, but not a gamers first choice.
I had of course bought a 3 year warranty, so I sent it in to be replaced and (almost 2 months later) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement.
Apparently there is a manufacturing defect, something with the amount of thermal paste.
Despite the claims of the Apple apologists (a vice of which I am recently myself reformed) the internals of Mac laptops are NO different from PCs' at this point.
Took several hours with customer support before I could even start the PC out of the box.
Asus facial recognition doesn't work and windows logon isn't either.
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service.
I contacted Acer and they are giving me FREE recovery DVDs, so don't go and pay for them, just ask for them and they should give them to you.
Now when I order I did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard I wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when I use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag.
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display.
Otherwise, all other features are a 1
The performance is awesome.
The display is beyond horrible.
There is hardly any memory on the computer's hard drive.
Actually, I had noticed the one on the sales floor also didn't have sound!
Next, most Acer laptop fans are on the bottom which is right on your laptop.
the laptop preformed pretty well.
I got my MacBook Pro because I wanted to do all the stuff I need to do without worrying about the system quitting on me or freezing for a few minutes.
I loved the netbook (minus the fact that it was windows OS) until this started happening.
The minute you fire it up it's all good, very easy user interface.
  I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired.
Theres also iDVD, a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together- photos, recordings, video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents, family, siblings, and any other person important in your life that there may be.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
I love the easy to see screen, and It works well for work, persoal or just play.
If what you need is a machine to do some surfing, email checking, word processing, and watching a movie or two, this is the machine you want.
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i've ever seen.
Awesome graphics!
It really is perfect for work and play.
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).
One drawback I noticed was sound quality via USB.
The battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were SOL there to, so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased.
I have had another Mac, but it got slow due to an older operating system.
That's very possible, but since they don't make Windows XP drivers for the sound card in this machine, I was stuck until Windows 7 came out.
I'ts nice to have the higher-end laptops, but this fits my budget and the features I need.
Was disappointed to find out that the model had been discontinued, apparently because of known motherboard problems.
Well, I started using Google Chrome, which is a little better, but it freezes too sometimes.
Also the speakers are not very loud, But it is a netbook.
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET!
Just a black screen!
A key contributor that led me to Mac is the art aspect.
Eventually my battery wouldn't charge, so unless I had it plugged in it wouldn't even power on.
Purchased for development purposes, but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing, e-mail, etc.
My first problem was with the pre-loaded Norton Firewall/Security program.
I had a USB connect but, i can't use it because it is not compatible.
Accordingly, I have decided to NEVER purchase another HP product (my five year old Compaq) lasted 5-years before the hard drive crashed.
I know that everyone thinks Macs are overpriced and overrated, but once you get past the initial expense you'll find that they're worth every penny (besides, there's always the financing plan that Best Buy offers).
I am not going to sit here and complain about it not having a cd drive and what not because it is a netbook, it is made to be compact and if you want all the other stuff get a laptop.
I love the multi-touch trackpad.
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties (which cost more than the netbook new) then they are in helping or fixing.
Not too much "junk" software to remove.
System is loosing about 20% of performance because of that.
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.
The difference in the Apple keyboard from a PC's keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to, but overall it's worth it!
The extended warranty for the $4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu.
Only issue is that it is a little slow, and I'm fixing that by adding more RAM.
  The hard drive crashed as well, and I had to buy a new  power cord.
Another issue I have with it is the battery.
After 2 months of complaints, Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
My MacBook Pro works like a dream, it has never overheated, or even been slightly warm for that matter.
PC users use the Powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and Mac users utilize Keynote.
I get a ton of compliments on its size, and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus, I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you're restricted to the width of your body for computing room.
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site, then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works.
Easy to carry, can be taken anywhere, can be hooked up to printers,headsets.
also the keyboard does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard.
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again, everything from programs and drivers failing again, to it powering off for no reason, to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues.
Love that it doesn't take up space like a regular computer.
Asked the customer service rep.
So, I took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up.
Just keep in mind the graphics is not dedicated so loading the movie almost took a minute, but it ran fairly smooth for a non-dedicated graphics card.
Needs Power and Mouse Cable to Plug in back instead of side, In the way of operating a mouse in small area.
-4 RAM slots, 2 HDD Bays*, 16GB RAM support -No Wireless Issues, at least for me.
I agree with the previous comment that ASUS TECH SUPPORT IS HORRIBLE WHICH IS A CON IN MY OPINION.
In fact, somehow (and I never opened it up) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently, behind the front of the screen, in the way of the display.
the mouse on the pad, the left button always sticks.
  i have tried to charge on different batteries with no luck.
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop, and the battery life is amazing.
We use the built in tools often, iTunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iPhone.
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming.
True quality at a great price!
Not easy to carry.
The programs that come standard with the Leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics.
So what am I supposed to do?  The LG service center cannot provide me the "service" when it is called the "service center".
The Material this Pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any PC  Specs: Like I said this performs a lot better than any computer I've had in the past.
After doing extensive research, macconnection had the lowest price on the 15" MBP i5.
I am ADDICTED to photo booth!
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive, and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing.
Hard disk - The new editions gives you more hard disk space (500GB instead of 320GB) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk.
It is extremely portable and easily connects to WIFI at the library and elsewhere.
First things first, Macbook pro has many applications to make life easier, unlike the windows computers.
And the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing for high quality videos and movies and gaming.
  I considered I may have too much on the computer, but after looking, there was plenty of space and that is not the issue.
I don't use my laptop in a way though that needs a long battery life so it's perfect for me.
  i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a charge for longer than four minutes.
Summary: I've had this laptop for 2 months, out of the blue the power adapter stops working.
I saw walmart had the same computer for about $650 but still knowing what I know now,I would not buy it at that price.
Of course, for a student, weight is always an issue.
Now mainboard is broken, have to wait for a new one.
The speed difference is next to NOTHING for a mac, and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $60 500gb external hard drive.
2.The wireless card is low quality.
They also use two totally different operating systems.
They are about the same size keys.
I wasn't really as concerned about portability (it's a very large laptop) but it's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise.
The people are frustrating to work with, the product itself is very cheaply made, and the accessories are less than satisfactory.
They offer the best warranty in the business, and don't 3rd party it out like Toshiba.
The only problems are the sound isnt very loud I have to wear headphones.
Again- windows based machines were not giving me anything to work with!
everything about a mac is wonderful, it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new system, but you will learn fast and its all worth it.
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it.
You know, using the computer should be fun, not aggrevation, especially when you are playing games or working with photos.
There are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a Windows computer.
To be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk.
I also love the small, convenient size of my laptop, making it a perfect tool for my academic studies.
I love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).
while about 8 years ago, I hope that the quality has changed.
The difference is it's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now, still learning the Apple navigation, but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps.
-I propose that I can just swap the hard drives.
The battery holds up well, it's built very solidly, and runs fast.
Sound card is limited though.
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life.
  The only thing I can imagine is that Sony jumped on early specifications for Vista requirements from Microsoft and designed it to those inadequate requirements.
The keyboard, which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard, now looks terrible.
The display is awesome.
The mouse is a little bit different than what you're used to though- it has one big flat panel and one full bar (instead of two separate ones) to click with- but you get used to it quite quickly.
It took several weeks just to get them to acknowledge that I owned the warranty.
The keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard.
-Computer crashed frequently and battery life decreased very quickly.
-I propose that they can just swap the hard drives.
Every driver on the drivers/applications DVD is everything you will need for a reload.
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot.
It's also fairly easy to use the Operating System.
I know that ASUS is known for making motherboards, but this is the worst computer experience that I have ever had.
We figure that after everything HIS pc actually ended up costing $350 more than my original Mac.
So having the AC plug go out on me and get lose or I could actually here it inside my computer on two of the three times is not good.
Peformance is good for the price.
The computer is currently in West Verginia doe to the method of shipping choosen by Toshiba.
Summary: HP knew they were shipping out bad BIOS and did nothing proactive to resolve it.
I had 3 months when the ports started going out.
The improvements to the OS have been relatively gradual, but substantive.
It is super easy to use.
Many of my classmates computers hard drives crashed.
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac.
I wouldn't play a first-person shooter with this, mind, but if you wanted to run MS Office, email, chat, download a video, listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store, and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in, I'd highly recommend checking this out.
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
The sheer power and flexibility makes the MacBook Pro a must have for any techie!
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV.
The speakers on it are useless too.
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos.
Iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites.
In early May I got it back and this time I only had it back for 1 day before it had a NEW issue so it was sent back in for the 6th time they "expedited" the repairs so I was only supposed to have to be without it for 3 days and it was supposed to be fixed, by a "Senior Tech".
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.
A cheaper price should not equal a "cheap" product.
I think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive, but I rather have a hard copy.
Thank you Best Buy for putting my computer together and installing my first software - you guys were GREAT too!
Adjust the sensitivity since it's not that responsive to begin with.
After a couple of years, my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery.
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.
  Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months.
  The company sent me a whole new cord overnight and apologized.
It's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks.
  Also, I have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines.
The rep did not even answer my question, I had to ask him, if he understood what I ask or if he spoke english because he didn't even try to acknowledge my question.
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit.
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC.
As a computer science student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more;
  Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside.
Fully charged, the MacBook Pro can last about five hours unplugged.
Even though it is much more expensive than many PC laptops, it is worth the price.
I know there are way better laptops out there for the same price, and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls.
For me, keys were starting to get stuck and wouldn't type very well.
can't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers.
There is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle, and when I click on it it says: " Consider replacing your battery" and it does not hold full charge.
The computer was two weeks late in delivery because HP forgot to complete the required import paperwork.
The first programm I switched on was a game for my children.
I have been very pleased with the performance of this laptop.
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer.
It is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed.
also you may need to charge it once a day, if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac  the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it.
( The iBook backup also uses a firewire connection).
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements, but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased.
Also the display is exceptional!
The computer was shipped to their repair depot  on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned.
Learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on Windows machines.
little short on RAM but you get what you pay for.
It didn't come with any software installed outside of windows media, but for the price, I was very pleased with the condition and the overall product.
THEN, one month after the warranty expired, the replacement charger went.
I love a "pc" but I was ready for a change and tired of the windows system.
Your cursor will end up all over the freaking place,,,it's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words, sentences, paragraphs because of this mousepad.
Other installed features, such as certain printer software, are also most attractive.
I work in film editing and post production, so I need a laptop that not only has power, but memory and speed as well.
It had a seventeen inch screen which I wanted, but I didn't realize at the time it would be such a monster!
Even doing so, the hinge may just be slightly tightened only.
company provides UPS shipping, fast, great!
I would tell the technician I knew exactly what was wrong with it but they did not listen and I had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me I needed to send the computer in.
  Then I've fixed the DC jack (inside the unit), rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop, replaced the power brick.
It is easy to use, has great screen quality, and every so light weight.
Great product, very easy to use and great graphics.
The iLife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product.
The built-in webcam is great for Skype and similar video-chat services.
The shop will definitely push the problem to the service center.
PC users work in Word, while Mac users work in Pages.
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.
This laptop looks great on the surface: 17" inch screen, good  price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.
The apple systems are over priced luxurys that arn't worth what they are being charged for, this model's specifications are far from being impressive and they only thing you get out of this is the apple name.
pros:  the macbook pro notebook has a large battery life and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so.
Disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible.
Good price.
 THE MOTHERBOARD IS DEAD !
the speed is fine.
Hmmm - that high failure rate sure isn't reflected in the retail price.
It was not clear that the Microsoft Student Edition that was loaded on the computer, was a six month trial.
Good for every day computing and web browsing.
While lacking some of the functions of the other versions, this was very acceptable for the uses planned for this computer.
  Also, I have had alot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly.
Excellent LED monitor and well equipped.
  This process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times.
Without a doubt, the *design* of this laptop is fantastic.
I couldn't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge.
I could save ten essay papers and have hardly any memory left.
Other than that, I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities.
This is the first time that I tried and owning a netbook although I have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years, I find not much difference except of course for the screen size.
But the biggest pain is that tech support is not available 24/7.
The backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark.
I chose the iBookG4, a laptop that is an attractive computer with a large screen big enough to please anyone.
The most recent being that my Safari internet browser is freaking out on me, but I have just been using firefox instead.
Everything about the Mac is not only visually appealing, but very easy to use.
I know what 7 hrs of battery looks like.
I did not have to call the support line at all.
The laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the Windows 7 starter and not the full Windows 7.
THE FIRST PROBLEM IS THAT THE KEYBOARD FUNCTION IS SIMPLY UNSATISFACTORY.
The DVD drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well, which is annoying.
Garageband is more for the musicians, and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone, good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level.
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly.
The difference is the Toshiba had a lot more memory and hard drive space.
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system can't be used with the iBook.
Seems like maybe a bad shipment from Toshiba.
OS X is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time.
But other than that I am blown away by all the features this laptop offers.
The keyboard is slick and quiet and not bulky like some other laptops I have had in the past.
Overall, this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from.
First the screen goes completely out.
I'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages.
The PhotoBooth is a great program, it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera.
Many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and cannot be downloaded.
I had to pay for the shipping!
It bluescreened on me without any warning, running simply basic Chrome.
I took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops.
We researched and found the best price at MacConnection.
But guess what?  (you have to buy an external dvd drive it doesn't have a built in type) The notebook can't be used because it doesn't read anything for an external drive.
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING!!!
I use a cooling pad but it doesn't help.
Supplied software: The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with.
I'm tired of the inept service.
Garageband is easy to work with, like all the other apple applications I've had experience with.
No, tey don't even support their own bios and it "could be a problem with the bios" How can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity??!!
Because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time, we are on the hook for the repair.
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in (mousing over the battery icon would read, for example, "74%, plugged in, not charging"), requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge.
This laptop looked brand new and was shipped very quickly.
Info: Windows failed to load because the kernal is missing, or corrupt.
The display on this computer is the best I've seen in a very long time, the battery life is very long and very convienent.
But the quality, in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop.
In the first moth of owning this computer its hardrive failed which had to be replaced.
Its also FUN to use!
The graphics and screen are stunning and although I was a PC person, I was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly.
WIth the upgraded memory, the MacBook Pro never has an issue running many many applications at once!
Simple to use, and great graphics.
The internet speed is spectacular.
They claim call center is still down.
Mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free.
My husband uses it mostly for games, email and music.
I just took the broken cords into the Apple store and they gave me new ones.
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth, they come loose.
Being a PC user my whole life, it's taking a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a Mac but I'm finding my way around.
The computer will constantly be getting hot and burning your leg unless you go through the hassle of taking off the entire back of it just to clean out the fan.
I have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and "fixed" the edges by rounding them off.
Downfalls: sharp edges.
i needed one to be able to carry to work everyday and this one seems to fit all of the criteria.
The screen is gorgeous - yummy good.
Did I mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK?
I had it four months when my disc drive refused to open.
So, after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer, until it froze this morning--completely.
Once again, I was told it was the suspicious  power supply  problem.
The Macbook starts fast, doesn't crash, has a fantastic display, is small and light (I have the 13.3" model), and isn't always complaining about updates, lost connections, errors, blue screens, etc.
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop.
In addition, all the design tools on Pages and Keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations.
 I actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they FINALLY agreed to replace it, (ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS!
The guy then said that if I insist on having the hinge tightened, they can do it for me but I have to accept the condition after the "repair".
The port is secured to motherboard so when this  happens you can't see the plug at all, it's just gone.
I love the feel of the key board, as well as the trackpad.
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac!
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac.
-Touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to.
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.
But, buy this model and just purchase 4GB of RAM (2x2GB for $92 or 1x4GB for $99), and save yourself $100 than the other model with 8GB of RAM.
If you're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game, you'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market.
Browsing, also, was no problem for me when I used itunes ( which usually slows down my PC ).
Again, decent comp for the price, and I was in need of one quickly as my other laptop died on me.
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop.
My friend just had to replace his entire motherboard, so did my wife, and it looks like I will have to as well.
  Toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another, and I am not kidding you, I called different hours of the day and you'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again, since they make it sound like they don't have your history list of your calls right in front of them.
Quality Display  I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop.
The battery life also doesn't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack.
The internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily.
Its fast, has High definition quality in the videos.
Speakers don't get that loud, but good enough.
Another Great thing is the Beast graphics.
The ease of set up was terrific.
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.
Screen is crystal clear, yes it's small - but it's a netbook!
The battery life is probably an hour at best.
This is a review of windows vista system.
cosmetically, the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top.
But sadly the replacement froze-up while updating the BIOS again and shut down and would not turn back on.
  There's literally no way to make it sing with Vista.
Screen size is perfect for portable use in any environment.
First, it does not have a push button to open the lid.
I used to build my own desktops from the component parts, and recently my 7 year old Pentium 4 with HT 1 GB ram SATA desktop stopped working (this was a rock star 7 years ago).
I now realize that my $900 would have been better spent on a Windows laptop.
) And printing from either word processor is an adventure.
After purchasing this thing, I find out that I need a special interface device to connect my camera, and that it cannot be purchased at the store - only on line.
Another included program that is laughable is the chess game.
Yes, I thought the expese was a little much, but I now realize you get what you pay for.
It works great for general internet use, Microsoft Office apps, home bookkeeping, etc.
The price was very good, and the product is top quality.
It played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
  The screen almost looked like a barcode when it froze.
From the get-go, the M6809 was unsteady in its operation;
Its small enough where I can take it pretty much anywhere, but still has a big enough screen to get everything done.
It even has a great webcam, and Skype works very well.
I love the solid machined aluminum frame, and the keyboard is the best of any laptop I've used.
You can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover PC software that you absolutely cannot be without.
This computer I used daily nice compact design.
The ATI graphics card is a huge plus, definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a Intel built-in card would have trouble with, such as Half-Life 2 or even World of Warcraft.
It was hard to handle and operate at school.
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for.
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership, so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan.
I preferred the fit and feel of the 13 inch.
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --
The screen takes some getting use to, because it is smaller than the laptop.
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use.
The right speaker did not work.
  Dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture.
The Final Cut Pro on this laptop is so fast and easy, and I can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer, which is also a mac.
The computer runs extremely slowly, whether opening Word or My Computer.
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use, although very different than Win XP, Visa or Win7.
Startup in about 30 seconds, shutdown in 2-4 seconds, resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds.
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.
I have only had PCs with Windows before so this takes a little getting use to.
super fast processor and really nice graphics card..
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video.
The only objection I have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade.
I dislike the weight and size, cubersome.
The wheel that turns the volume up and down doesn't work in real time.
I cannot be happier with the service or product.
I do transcription work on the side, and the flatline keyboard makes typing quick and easy as well.
Speakers doesn't sound that great.
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.
After numerous calls to Applecare tech support, I was directed to send in my computer;
The "abuse" is that I pushed the power plug in too hard.
The resolution on the screen is almost pure HD.
With all the programs that came with it, such as iLife and iWork, I was set from the very beginning.
Not sure how I recommend it for quality gaming, as I have a desktop rig for that reason.
Great value, fast delivery- Computer works as if brand new, no problems, very pleased
The Internet Explorer was very slow from the very beginning.
The AC power port becomes loose over time
As a user of a PC, I will will admit that the macBook Pro has a better running system in which I found myself "Getting the job done quicker.
There are no gold key numbers too intall programs, you must use the serial numbers that it does not accept and then things are limited as far a working because they are only good for a short time.
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself.
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled
Which is great I am running Vista Business and scored a 5.X on the index I have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5's.
I use the computer to basically check emails, surf the web, print coupons and for my college papers.
We love the size of the screen, although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around.
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault.
I would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use, stylish, fun, awesome computer.
  the battery is irreplaceable.
If you want a little more custom ability, drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of Win 7 and grab a 2GB stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more.
I have never really been big on downloading anything so I wasn't too worried about getting a virus, plus I thought I was protected by Norton.
The internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used, and the command prompt would not work at all.
It's software and speed enable it to do amazing things.
Could not keep up with me and finally the hard drive went out.
I am most impressed with the programming, including the iPhoto.
Speakers too small to be of any real use.
I upgraded it's RAM to 2GB, I am very happy with it.
I purchased a Toshiba Satellite M60 (with harman/kardon speakers!) in December of 2005.
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly.
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba's reputation for laptops it's great!
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.
  After the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace.
The Windows 7 Starter is, in my opinion, a great way to think about using your netbook: basics, basics, basics.
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons.
I purchased this netbook after my original Toshiba laptop crashed right after the warranty expired.
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
The apple care has never failed me, and I expect it to be the same for this computer as well.
The Toshiba laptop I am using is easier to use than most I have tried.
So I called Compaq, and after being on the phone for 3 hours, i finally got a replacement which I shouldn't have had a problem getting since it was under warranty.
So we exchanged it for the same on and after 2 hours it didn't work.
I love the size, keyboard, the functions.
the mouse is way way way to sensitve.
The OS is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly.
Also, I issued a replacement RMA for a few dead pixels in the upper zone of the screen, which is noticable to me.
After way too many times sending the thing in for repairs (delivery service was slow, and without the laptop I had no access to the internet, and thus no way of tracking it to find out when I might hope to see my computer again), it finally kicked the bucket after just over 2 years.
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.
the i3 processor doesn't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on.
  The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.
  Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad, keys, and casing.
See when it comes to laptops you buy it and get just a normal operating system with trials of must need stuff that should come with it.
The only thing I don't understand is that the resolution of the screen isn't high enough for some pages, such as Yahoo!Mail.
The only thing I wish this had was the option to turn off the touchpad with a button like my big 16" laptop does.
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent...
  The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely.
This is great if you have several lectures back to back and don't have a chance to charge during one of the lectures.
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff.
the screen brightness automatically adjusts.
I especially like the backlit keyboard.
Besides the great look, it is a great machine.
My laptop cost approximately $2,300 and DIED after only 2-years, 10-months and 18-days of use.
The sound is a bit quiet if you're on a plane, this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones.
(The SATA controller is the motherboard chip that lets the CPU talk to the hard drive.)
The buttons you have to press a little harder than most.
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours, but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours.
Right size and weight for portability.
The battery life also doesn't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack.
  It was loaded with Windows Vista Home Premium--delivered with only 1GB of RAM, and it was a *dog*.
The reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me (I prefer it dark) or if you can crank up the brightness.
My one complaint with this laptop is that I've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in.
While it was highly rated, would I like it? I tried the keyboard at the store, and it seemed ok.
Treat yourself to a more expensive, long-lasting laptop of quality like a Sony, Apple, or Toshiba.
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free, even without the warranty.
Was searching online for a power supply when I found this site.
But to be honest, I don't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming.
  I would  rather spend my money on a computer that costs more then a Toshiba that  isn't good at all.
(No problem with the ordering or shipping by the way.
And the ram (the thing that makes it faster) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before.
The one thing I wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel.
I edit and burn to DVD a lot of video, so I obviously could not live with a non-functioning drive.
Fast, great visual!
It's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box.
You will need them if you want to reload the OS (I recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal).
while the keyboard itself is alright, the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons.
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook!
the mcbook pro notebook will make it easy for you to write and read your emails at blazing speeds.
The only thing i can say is that the touch pad doesnt work like it should all the time.
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.
Battery life needs more life.
For some odd reasons the computer doesn't reconize the operation system.
The trackpad was easy to learn and navigate.
Applications open in seconds and there are no lags, hiccups or awkward moments when you wonder whether your computer is out for tea.
I respond that I do not have the old computer and this way I would lose the data on my hard drive.
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English.
Even though the computer is larger they did not make the keyboard larger.
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well.
Its not just slow on the internet, its slow in general.
It has just enough RAM to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs.
I acually believe the issue is with the Nvidia grafics card, but still requires a return.
My husband got me this for Chrismas after getting me a very expensve laptop that did not work after 2 days.
The resolution is even higher then any other laptop on the market.
Then just the other day, my left "mouse" button snapped!
It is VERY easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted.
Laptop is advertised as a 15" but the casing looks like that of a 17".
The feel of this machine compared to the old MacBook is far superior.
In due course, I'll remove the hard disc from this new MacBook Pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash.
They break down just as often as PCs do, and the only reason they don't get viruses, is because no one makes viruses for them, they're not better in any way, they are worse, try finding virus protection programs for a Mac, they don't exist.
But with A WAY Bigger Screen, and IS able to connect to an HDMI.
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side.
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook.
I guess he was the technical person.
A seventy dollar mouse!
The repairs were made quickly though I must say, however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me.
when i first got it i thought the size of it was a joke.
It is fast and i have not had a problem with internet connection or any other problems.
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.
But when I received my replacement, I made BOTH recovery DVDs (4), and a driver/application DVD.
In addition, there is photo detection software that will allow you to group all the photos together based upon the people in the picture.
The speakers are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones I have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music I suggest you get something better.
So then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back, but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened, and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair (the price of a new one).
It is so simple to use, I use it more than my desktop.
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen.
I have had no problems with it unlike some hardware defects on past models.
EITHER WAY, THE KEYBOARD IS UNSATISFACTORY.
Well, I have to say since I bought my Mac, I won't ever go back to any Windows.
I took it in to the Apple store and guess what? They fixed it, no cost out of pocket.
The quality, engineering design and warranty are superior--covers damage from dropping the laptop.
The applications are also very easy to find and maneuver, much easier than any other computer I have ever owned.
The large screen gives you the option to comfortably watch movies or TV shows on your computer instead of buying an additional TV for your dorm room.
Great laptop for school, easy to use for beginners in the household.
4) Laptop still did not work, blue screen within a week...
The only thing that isn't perfect about this netbook is the speakers, they are not loud at all but I expected that.
Of course, I inspected the other netbooks and clearly their hinges are tighter and I even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others.
Not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs.
Didn't work when shipped from Walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop (same make/model).
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before!
All of the programs (Keynote, Pages, Numbers) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.
Sure, the initial out of pocket expense is greater, but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet, and when I factor in all the money in that I wasted on Geek Squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested PCs, it probably comes out about even anyhow.
The best thing to do is build your own computer, but if u can't company's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $2000 systems and if you google "dell coupons" you can find codes that take a signifant  amount off the price.
There is no cd drive on the computer, which defeats the purpose of keeping files on a cd.
For me I was lucky and a local store was selling them for $2000 off and Best Buy matched their price so I was able to buy one for under $1000
Unfortunately, Apple's quality has continued to slide.
I believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price.
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move.
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
I would rate this computer at 5 stars, but considering it has a short life span I can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine.
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.
The layout of the MacBook is horrible and confusing;
Was not happy with one of the programs on it.
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable, easy to use computer.
The first one sent: Touchpad didn't work The second sent: USB didn't work The third sent: Touchpad didn't work The fourth sent: Hasn't arrived yet.
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.
It is light and the battery last a very long time.
  And at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (I bought the memory stick they recomended).
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.
The next time I had an issue my lightscribe wouldn't work.
The touchpad is extremely sensitive, which is the only drawback.
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had
They don t translate from a Mac, even on Word, resulting in a ton of run-on sentences.
The acer one computer that I bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it, but I like the big screen on it.
Summary: They played games with me for the warranty period.
In November my computer messed up entirely and wouldn't power on after intalling a Windows update, I had to have my HD flashed and lost EVERYTHING on it, including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things, when this update was installed for some reason I was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history.
I can have both OSX and Windows XP running at the same time!
Overall : Poor, Features: Average, Performance: Poor, Battery Life: Excellent, Price-Value: Poor
Microsoft seems to be unable to keep up with repairs for the multitude of windows problems.
The graphics are stunning.
(I found a 2GB stick for a bit under $50) Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours, or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents.
after much effort and 10 days ASUS replaced itThe WiFi is very weak.
You can call HP and they want you to buy more software to fix it.
It is easy to navigate and update programs.
, Applications respond immediately (not like the tired MS applications).
All in all, a very disappointing experience except that I learned how good the Geek Squad is and also Customer Service.
The only drawback for me is how dirty the screen gets, and rather quickly too.
The laptop is very lightweight, can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight.
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie Internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.
I also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot.
I had in the past a Dell laptop and they sent me the items it needed or they sent a repair technician to my house to fix it.
defective software.
This computer was so challenging to carry and handle.
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
Unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you can't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small.
It is much faster than my desktop which is a Core2 Quad running at 2.83 GHz.
It is good to know that I can mobilize without having to worry about the battery life.
The screen is nice, side view angles are pretty good.
The fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or don't want to bother them with bright lighting, it is very convenient to have a darker, softer lit screen.
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications.
Not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely.
Looks nice, but has a horribly cheap feel.
I have other computers that get strong signals that don't drop in places that this "net"book loses its signal.
The feel of this is better than the Toshiba, too.
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality!
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.
I am not sure if it was the drive itself, however;
Also, one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp, if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells, it doesn't seem to be a problem.
It is easy to use, its keyboard easily accommodates large hands, and its weight is fantasic.
Called Acer many times, they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer!
I should have checked this before I installed my applications.
The battery is really long.
Anyway, in early July of this year, the DVD burner stopped working, and the computer stared having issues with power supply.
Had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in.
This computer that I have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions.
Comes with iMovie;
COMPUTER HAS BEEN AT SERVICE FACILITY MORE THAN IN MY HANDS.
When I called Sony the Customer Service was Great.
  even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty.
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs, using the internet, and doing other things everyone does on a computer.
My computer froze on several occasion, had buttons that randomely would fall off and even had moments when the computer would refuse to turn on at all.
Not even safe mode boots.
This is an over-sized, 18-inch laptop.
I had to pay $100 for a universal charger for this cheap $300 laptop.
The powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary.
1.You can not change your desktop background (window's 7 starter does NOT support that function).
Took me 11 hours, 3 trips to different FedEx offices, and brutal conversations with 14 of the worse IT support technicians in the world.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
As usual at customer service center, she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague (I could see them).
The screen gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it's very noticeable.
Strengths:Well-shaped Weaknesses:A bad videocard!
You can't even get a satellite card which is why I bought to begin with.
The battery life, before the battery completely died of course, left much to be desired.
It is a REAL touchpad, not the toy I saw in other brands.
Long story, but after many calls to various  offices, I was told that no one can override the depot and that managers  don't take phone calls or e/mails.
Price and purpose is awesome!
Wonderful zooming.
The screen is huge and coloful, but no LED backlighting.
In all honesty, if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop, then do not buy this computer.
Everything about this computer is easy to use.
  Worse, for the price I could get a *netbook* that outperforms this machine.
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine.
Keyboard was also very nice and had a solid feel.
It did not have all the features I expected it to have.
No luck, although I waited for hours on the phone-Visited MacHouse, they stated the their call center is down due to too many phonecalls (difficult to believe).
There is a backlit keyboard which is perfect for typing in the dark.
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life.
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter, so it's not just an isolated incident!!!
I love this program, it is superior to windows movie maker.
He has replaced his hard drive twice and (of course) has had to pay for antivirus software every year.
This purchase opened me to the world of Macbooks, and I am impressed with the intuition of the design, the beauty of the product, and the excellent technological advances associated with it.
The price is great for this model, I only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room.
It seemed to be a very nice laptop except I was not able to load my Garmin GPS software or Microsoft Office 2003.
I've also had to have the keyboard replaced at my expense.
I had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a "different" computer.
Was very much worth the price i paid.
Even out of warranty!
This is a great little computer for the price.
Crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.
All apple associates are always wiling to help you out with anything, no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed.
Also, my sister got the exact same laptop (since they were so cheap) and after 8 months, the screen split in half just from everyday use.
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price.
I had to adjust my mousepad sensitivity, because it is very sensitive.
I wish iWork or MS Office came with the Mac, but MS Office doesn't even come with most pc laptops.
Keyboard is plastic and spongey feeling.
previous laptops were pc's, still have them, but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system.
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have.
Because he said that the hinge is under the motherboard and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened.
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever.
I love my Apple, it is quick and easy to use.
With notes saying they replaced the hard drive.
The laptop is relatively simple to use, though I bought  Macs for Dummies,  which is well worth $2
Can't close the 2nd HDD bay since there are brackets you have to break off (even then, it still doesn't shut) That could be a major flaw for the dual HDD user.
No tutorials on the display.
The leather carrying case, keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse.
The touch pad is among the best.
Thus, when you carry it at a slanted angle, the screen will "topple" or "slide" down, if you understand what I mean.
It's now all commodity hardware.
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
How Toshiba handles the repair seems to vary, some folks  indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix, others had the  repair done 5 times.
I would like to use a different operating system altogether.
